what's up everybody welcome to my review
for boku no hero academia chapter 44
after we had the conclusion of the
sports festival we've got the ceremony
and the wrap up for a couple characters
and was pretty good wrap up chapter baka
co still very very upset with the fact
that he won the way that he did they
have to chain him to the first-place
podium that's not generally what happens
there eda is not present even though him
and Todoroki on dammit i did there
normally i don't think i actually messed
that up a lot i think i'm going to that
time i actually did it toko yami would
both be third place but eda had to go
check on his brother i'm sure he still
gets third place technically tied with
Hoku yami like if they write it down in
the history books he would probably
mention that but he doesn't get to be at
the actual ceremony hopefully he still
gets a medal I mean just because he
wasn't able to be there a time I'm sure
he still gets it I would hope so anyway
that's only fair to him he's at third
place Todoroki second Vargo at first and
it's nice seeing all might going up to
all of them and not just presenting the
medals but actually giving them some
tips that's kind of cool telling toca
yami that he should try and improve
himself physically his actual physical
strength and not just relying on his
quirk talking to Todoroki and kind of
confirming with him like don't worry
about it he said you know it's not just
on me I was kind of confused about
everything and it's not just on me and
he's talking about his mother how he has
to go visit her later and all might even
says like oh well the look on your face
has changed so at least there's that and
then embarked oh he's like well I
understand you don't want to accept it
but everyone here is still going to
treat you like the winner everybody here
is impressed with you at least wear this
like a wound and honestly I'm sure he's
got it like hung up he's probably got it
fucking framed on his wall at least he's
going to he'll probably like hate this
fucking thing frame it above his bed or
whatever most likely although at the end
of the chapter dar eubacteria fucks is
he's just mad about everything jeez dude
calm down but we get the wrap ups for
everybody Eden going to see his brother
who is alive but uh barely apparently
apparently if they had started the
operations
started getting him help a little bit
later just a couple minutes later he
would have died so this stain dude is
not messing around and ingenious one of
the top heroes he's pretty good so for
the fact that stain was able to do that
to him and with all those other people
there and to get away and didn't really
seem to be heard at all that's pretty
good not only does he look cool
apparently he is a badass and he's going
to be within with the other guys
speaking of those villains at the end of
the ceremony when all mites making the
speech like it's these three now but it
could have been any of you you know it
can be an a you in the future and it's
showing everybody let's be honest here
anyone except bellybutton laser guy I
will even give it to minetta because I
have hopes for the kid but not him
bellybutton laser guy you have no chance
let's be honest but I don't know if this
is a little foreshadowing maybe not they
mentioned some foreshadowing earlier
with Boch ago he's like I'm gonna be
number one and then he did I like I was
eyes like fucking turned into horns his
eyes became explosions I don't even know
not only that I was not the only weird
body humor Iraq his eyes when her
parents like fucking Exorcist spider
crawled except not backwards so just
normal girl towards her and it was scary
and then like her mom like pushed her I
back in it but her parents are super
nice and supportive so that's cool and
you see where she gets her little cheek
things from from her mom but what was I
talking about before oh yeah on the one
panel that said like oh great future
heroes will surely arise from the seeds
planted today and where it said that
right next to it it showed the the
villain dude with the hands so is that
supposed to be something I might just be
a total of coincidence but I don't know
cuz from before it kind of seemed like
he was maybe being manipulated not like
mind controlled but you know lied to
there's someone else ahead of him who he
seemed like he was kind of a shut-in
played video games all the time and he
was probably being manipulated and lied
to in some way maybe that little thing
was kind of him thing that maybe he'll
come around eventually be a hero
although with his appearance I don't
know but that's just something I noticed
and thought that it might be a little
bit of a thing like i said before
Todoroki going to see his mom that's
cool i hope we actually get to see that
i would like to see how she reacts and
how he reacts to work that's a very
complicated situation I understand her
going through this mental and
psychological trauma going to
her to do what she did but what she did
is still very terrible so to to see how
they handle that conversation between
the two of them I hope we actually do
get to see that that should be pretty
interesting it seems like even the
nurses there when he was checking into
the hospital were like that one with
ears or whatever it was like whoa they
probably suck told her that he was he
probably told them that he was her son
and they're like oh shit he hadn't been
to see her ever since it happened
because he was like the cause of all of
it so he didn't want to push it any
further but he's going to see her now
and I think that's good that's going to
be a major thing in helping him figure
out what he needs to do and then we have
me Turia he's the only one I haven't
talked about at the end who's talking to
his mom and she she didn't know about
exactly what his clerk was and so she
was super worried she fainted a bunch of
times and he realizes yes I really do
have to figure out another way to use
this which is good I've been wondering
the whole time how the hell he can't
just get so much stronger physically
there's got this weird avatar thing
going on where he's got like previous
users in his mind or something I don't
know what how that's gonna play into it
but he's got to figure out his own
unique way to use this thing and make it
into his own which I'm looking forward
to seeing because it's like the Healey
lady said she's not going to heal wounds
like that anymore obviously it hurts
like hell he's physically a little bit
deformed in the hand now and it makes
everyone worried so he doesn't want to
do that anymore and I'm glad that he is
going to kind of turn this thing into
his own its overall it was a good wrap
up chapter nice seeing all these guys
after the ceremony and everything I want
to see hopefully next chapter Todoroki
talking to his mom for at least a decent
part of the chapter and I will very much
like updates on the villains tips I have
no idea what the hell is going to happen
next what kind of crazy shit are they
gonna do with this school next how much
are we going to focus on that are we
gonna get crazy stuff with the villains
anytime soon how often is that gonna be
a thing I don't really know or we could
just go do something totally random all
might might be like hey why don't some
of you guys come with me on a random
little trip or something see me fight a
villain hood who knows something weird
probably not that that's just the first
random thing that I thought of but who
knows what could happen next could
really be anything so I'm looking
forward to see thank you very much for
watching let me know you thought of the
chapter we think is going to happen next
with all of these characters if you
enjoyed subscribe if you'd like to see
more check on my links down below for
some extra stuff thank you and I'll see
you guys